### The LineGame Proposal Doc
Project by: Francesca Kang and Kevin Patterson

##### Description
The current title for the game that we are making is the LineGame. The game will be a basic platformer where players are tasked with dashing between lines to avoid obstacles and line breaks. Users can increase their score by staying alive for longer increments. We plan for the game to be an easy to learn but hard to master mobile game that is addictively simple; our goal would be that our game is comparable to Flappy Bird or Temple Run. LineGame will be developed in React Native for iOS with hopes to make it compatible with Android if we have the time. Our target audience will be everyone from a ten year old at recess to Dr. Toal on his lunch break to a mother after she works out. Once completed and released, the app will be a stand-alone game with no plans for major updates. If we had to add more to the game, it would most likely be more obstacles or cosmetic changes to the theme of the game.

##### Justification
The project is ideal for our 2-person group because it is not a highly complex project. While a game is more simple than some other projects in the class, we feel it fits our skill sets and interests well. We have plans to add more to the game to increase its difficulty after we complete the basic controls. LineGame will build on our development knowledge from Interaction Design and let us dive further into React Native. In addition, we plan to have the game keep track of player's scores and display the top scores of all players, incorporating what we are learning in Introduction to Database Systems. Designing a game also lets me(Kevin) build upon the skills that I learned in Game Design, as well as let the group practice basic design principals and UI. However, we believe that bug testing and polishing the movement and game flow will be more than difficult enough. We are confident that between us, we have or are capable of learning all of the skills that are needed to successfully release the app by the end of the semester. We know that if we have questions most of the CS department will be willing to help us.  
